W-11097759-SlackRN-ESB (#274)
mulesoft/docs-composer: en/mulesoft/modules/ROOT/pages/ms_composer_ms_release_notes.adoc

New versions are automatically available once they are released; you don't need to perform any tasks to move to the new version.

== May 17, 2022

include::_partials/release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=fixedIssues,leveloffset=+3]

[%header%autowidth.spread]

|===

|Issue |ID

> |Fixed the issue in Slack Connector in which an null pointer error occured after modifying a plain text string. |W-11031313

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Fixed the issue in Slack Connector in which a null pointer error occurred after modifying a plain text string. |W-11031313
```
